of the many reasons to visit the Czech
Republic one of them is the beer and
what makes the beer special come inside
we're going to show you
my name's Scott and this is the person a
series of the beer hunter where we're
going to talk about what makes great
beer great the key to Czech beer is
freshness like anything you eat a drink
it's always best to be close to the
source to really understand we should go
downstairs
so so these thanks contain 1000 litres
of beer inside each tank is a
polypropylene bag so the beer never
touches any metal the beer is brought
from the brewery on a weekly basis and
piped in from a connection on the
outside of the building the key is is
that the beer is never pasteurized and
the fact that it's never pasteurized
means that all of the flavor and
everything that makes this beer very
special is kept intact when you have a
beer from a keg in a normal pub that
beers pasteurized and that beer isn't
gonna have the same flavor that you're
gonna get from a beer from the tank and
then they they put air on the outside
right so the air pushes around the
polypropylene bag to create enough
pressure for the beer to go up to the
bar and the fact that it has no co2 in
it means that there's nothing to disturb
the actual flavor of the beer so you
have probably the purest most natural
example of a bottom fermented pilsner
beer coming from the tanks Zita it'll be
war
via KHOU in Egypt we have no know one of
the most important things is the
cleanness of the lines Pilsner Urquell
or some of these companies they come and
they check the lines and they make sure
that there's no water no excess beer no
bacteria or any kind of sediment in the
lines as one tank is being used the
other tank is here in reserve the beer
sits for at least three days to settle
so one of the differences between this
pub and some of the pubs that you might
find somewhere else in Prague is that
they'll fill up the tanks and just pour
pour pour but here you have one tank
which is pouring and one tank which is
in reserve so when this beer comes
online tomorrow it will have been here
for three days allowing the beer to
settle and allowing all the flavor the
empty tanks will be filled tomorrow and
then the process will continue the beer
is never shocked this the same
temperature is maintained from the
walk-in up through the lines into the
compressor all the way up to the bar
this makes the delivery of the beer
absolutely perfectly there are about 50
to 60 of these pubs scattered around the
city of Prague and the only place you'll
get a better pint is at the brewery
itself in the next episode of beer
hunter we'll go right to the source shop
that's where pilsner urquell gets that
hot pubs like this are different because
they pay attention to this
for more information on tanked pubs in
prague czech frog TV